[Music]
how long is America going to pretend in
Rome and Tokyo
we have been described as a nation of
weaklings and Playboy's who hire British
or Russian or Chinese soldiers to do our
fighting for us then one of the war just
make sure and come back for the both of
us all right
we've been trained to think we're
invincible
but our people think Hitler and his Nazi
thugs are Europe's problem we have to do
more does anyone think that victory is
possible without facing danger in times
like these we all need to be reminded
who we truly are warning of Japanese
aggressive movement that we will not
give up
[Music]
December 7
1941 a date which will live in infamy
the United States of America was
suddenly and deliberately attacked by
the Empire of Japan
[Music]
we are at war tell that to the soldiers
who today are heading hard in the Far
waters of the Pacific tell that to the
boys and the Flying Fortresses tell that
to the Marines
[Music]